Cleanup `Client\Interface` (#6753)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Client/Interface/en.md

| ![](img/jump-to-window.jpg "Jump To Window") | Jump to a specific song. You can search for songs or filter by collection. |

The jukebox can also be controlled using [keyboard shortcuts](/wiki/Client/Keyboard_shortcuts#jukebox).

## User Options

![](img/user-options.jpg "User Options")

Access this screen by clicking on your profile at the top left of the main menu. You can select any item by pressing its corresponding number:

- `1. View Profile`: View your profile page on the website.
- `2. Sign Out`: Sign out of your account. After signing out, the game will prompt you to sign back in.
- `3. Change Avatar`: Open the [edit avatar page](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/account/edit#avatar) on the website.
- `4. Close`: Close this dialog.

## Play Menu

![](img/play-menu.jpg "Play Menu")

After selecting `Play` in the main menu, you can choose between three options:

- Click `Solo` (or press `P`) to play on your own. This leads you to the [Song Selection Screen](#song-selection-screen).
- Click `Multi` (or press `M`) to play with other people. You will be directed to the [Multi](/wiki/Gameplay/Multiplayer) Lobby.
- Click `Back` to return to the main menu.

## Multiplayer Lobby

> *Main page: [Multi](/wiki/Gameplay/Multiplayer)*

Author: In my opinion, it is better to call it `Multiplayer` throughout the whole wiki. But I think this is not in the scope of this PR.

Reviewer: yeah that's a small follow-up action for me

> Before continuing on, this screen has too many elements to note with easily, noticeable numbers. The subsections below will focus on one part of the screen at a time, starting from the top down and left to right.

Author: ```suggestion
Before continuing on, this screen has too many elements to note with easily, noticeable numbers. The subsections below will focus on one part of the screen at a time, starting from top to bottom and left to right.
```
Sounds better in my opinion.

| `By Creator` | Beatmaps will be sorted alphabetically by creator. |
| `By Date Added` | Beatmaps will be sorted by when they were added, from oldest to newest. |
| `By Difficulty` | Beatmaps will be sorted by star rating, from easiest to hardest. *Note that this will split apart the difficulties of the beatmap!* |
| `By Length` | Beatmaps will be sorted by length, from shortest to longest. |
| `By Rank Achieved` | Beatmaps will be sorted by the highest rank achieved on them, from worst to best. |
| `By Title` | Beatmaps will be sorted alphabetically by the song title. |

### Search

![](img/search-bar.jpg)

*Note: You cannot have the chat console or the options sidebar open if you want to search. Otherwise, anything you type will be perceived as chat text or as an options search query.*

Only beatmaps that match the criteria of your search will be shown. By default, any search will be matched against the beatmaps' artists, titles, creators, and tags.

In addition to searching these fields, you can use filters to search through other metadata by combining one of the supported filters with a comparison to a value (for example, `ar=9`).

Supported filters:

> | Filter | Description |

Reviewer 2: relevant:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36758269/151120844-17965e6c-74b6-437d-b80a-4f4e214df6e7.png)

> | Filter | Description |

Reviewer 3: for sanity's sake i'd leave it as just "catch". i don't believe we will support "catchthebeat " going forward, and no one in their right mind would type that if they can just type "catch".

> | Filter | Description |

Reviewer 4: Sorry about snubbing this, I kept instinctively checking this off my notifications list thinking it was the 70 odd other review comments bumping this pull rather than something that I actively needed to look at. (These pulls should really be smaller, you know.)

Aside from the other review comments, on a quick look two filters appear to be missing:

* `title` - textual, for the name of the track
* `difficulty`, textual, for the name of a difficulty in a mapset

Rest seems fine.

As for the point re: ruleset filter (the discussion link doesn't even open anything for me) - yes, a prefix match is used, any unambiguous prefix will work. There is also support for several alternative variants (e.g. it appears that stuff like `o!m` will also work as mania). But I think adding that info is too much, I'd say to stick what's already here.

For what it's worth prefix match is also used for map status.

| :-: | :-- |
| `artist` | Name of the artist |

> | `creator` | Name of the beatmap creator |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `creator` | Name of the beatmap creator |
| `title` | Name of the track |
| `difficulty` | Name of the beatmap difficulty |
```

| `ar` | Approach Rate |
| `cs` | Circle Size |
| `od` | Overall Difficulty |
| `hp` | HP Drain Rate |

> | `keys` | Number of keys (osu!mania and converted beatmaps only) |

Reviewer 4: has singular alias:

```suggestion
| `key`, `keys` | Number of keys (osu!mania and converted beatmaps only) |
```

> | `stars` | Star Difficulty |

Reviewer 4: has singular alias:

```suggestion
| `star`, `stars` | Star Difficulty |
```

- **Length**: The total length of the beatmap, from start to finish and including breaks. Not to be confused with [drain time](/wiki/Gameplay/Drain_time).
- **BPM**: The BPM of the beatmap. If (like in the lower picture) there are two BPM and one in parentheses, this means that the BPM changes throughout the song. It shows the slowest and fastest BPM, and the value in parentheses is the BPM at the start of the beatmap.
- **Objects**: The total amount of [hit objects](/wiki/Hit_object) in the beatmap.
- **Circles**: The total amount of hit circles in the beatmap.
- **Sliders**: The total amount of sliders in the beatmap.

> - **Spinners**: The total amount of spinners in the beatmap.

Reviewer 4: This mostly checks out. One slight distinction in the "spinners" case is that the count in that case is the count of banana *showers*, i.e. the individual uninterrupted sequences of bananas falling, rather than the count of all individual bananas. But I'm not sure if that term functions on wiki (it definitely functions internally in lazer).

> - **Spinners**: The total amount of spinners in the beatmap.

Reviewer 2: yeah we should just use banana showers if that's what the thing is counting - edited to match

> - **Spinners**: The total amount of spinners in the beatmap.

Reviewer 5: missing `(osu!catch)` for the juice streams in your suggestion

Click on one of the tabs to **sort your song list according to the selected criterion**.

#### Group

Most options organise beatmaps into various expandable groups:

| Group criterion | Description |
| :-: | :-- |
| `No grouping` | Beatmaps will not be grouped but will still be sorted in the order specified by Sort. |
| `By Difficulty` | Beatmaps will be grouped by their star difficulty, rounded to the nearest whole number. |

> | `By Artist` | Beatmaps will be grouped by the artist's first character of their name. |

Author: Is this correct too? I would write `artist's name` here.

> | `By Artist` | Beatmaps will be grouped by the artist's first character of their name. |

Reviewer 2: ty, edited to correct typo

| `By Mode` | Beatmaps will be grouped according to their game mode. |
| `By Rank Achieved` | Beatmaps will be sorted by the highest rank achieved on them. |
| `By Title` | Beatmaps will be grouped by the first letter of their title. |
| `Favourites` | Only beatmaps you have favorited online will be shown. |
| `My Maps` | Only beatmaps you have mapped (that is, whose creator matches your profile name) will be shown. |
| `Ranked Status` | Beatmaps will be grouped by their ranked status: ranked, pending, not submitted, unknown, or loved. |

The first five groupings are available in tabs below Group and Sort.

#### Sort

Sort beatmaps in a certain order.

| Sort criterion | Description |
| :-: | :-- |
| `By Artist` | Beatmaps will be sorted alphabetically by the artist's name's first character. |
| `By BPM` | Beatmaps will be sorted lowest to highest by their BPM. For maps with multiple BPM, the highest will be used. |
| `By Creator` | Beatmaps will be sorted alphabetically by the creator's name's first character. |
| `By Date Added` | Beatmaps will be sorted from oldest to newest by when they were added. |

> | `By Difficulty` | Beatmaps will be sorted from easiest to hardest by star difficulty. *Note that this will split apart mapsets!* |

Author: I think there's a `by` too many.

\*Requires you to be an [osu!supporter](/wiki/osu!supporter) to access them.

Click the word bubble icon to call up the **quick web access** screen for the selected beatmap:

- Press `1` or click the `Beatmap Listing/Scores` button and your default internet browser will pull up the beatmap listing and score page of the beatmap the selected difficulty belongs to.

> - Press `2` or click `Beatmap Modding` and your default internet browser will pull up the modding page of the beatmap the selected difficulty belongs to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Press `2` or click `Beatmap Modding` to view the beatmap's [modding](/wiki/Modding) page.
```

- Press `3` or `Esc` or click `Cancel` to return to the song selection screen.

While you are on the quick web access screen, you cannot access the chat and extended chat consoles.

> ### Song

Reviewer 2: That's it's official name i'm pretty sure

```suggestion
### Beatmap carousel
```

![](img/beatmap-cards.jpg)

> The song list displays all available beatmaps. Different beatmaps may have different coloured boxes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The beatmap carousel displays all available beatmaps. Different beatmaps may have differently coloured boxes:
```

Press `Esc` or click the `Back` button to return to main menu.

Click on the `Mode` button to open a list of game modes available in osu!. Alternatively, you can press `Ctrl` and `1` (osu!), `2` (osu!taiko), `3` (osu!catch), or `4` (osu!mania) to change the game mode. Switching to another mode will also switch to its [leaderboards](/wiki/Ranking), as one may observe by seeing the displayed rank change.

![](img/game-modifiers.jpg "Mod Selection Screen")

Click the `Mods` button or press `F1` to open the **[Mod Selection Screen](/wiki/Game_modifier)**.

In this screen, you can apply modifications ("mods" for short) to gameplay. Some mods lower difficulty and apply a multiplier that lowers the score you achieve. Conversely, some mods increase the difficulty, but apply a multiplier that increases the score you achieve. Finally, some mods modify gameplay in a different way. [Relax](/wiki/Game_modifier/Relax) and [Auto Pilot](/wiki/Game_modifier/Autopilot) fall in that category.

> Place your mouse on a mod's icon to see a short description of its effect. Click on an icon to select or deselect that mod. Some mods, like DoubleTime, have multiple variations—click on the mod again to cycle through them. The score multiplier value displays the combined effect all selected mods will have on your score. Click `Reset all mods` or press `1` to deselect all currently selected mods. Click `Close` or press `2` or `Esc` to return to the song selection screen.

Reviewer 2: i seem to have forgotten [this part of the asc](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Article_styling_criteria/Writing#game-modifiers)

```suggestion
Place your mouse on a mod's icon to see a short description of its effect. Click on an icon to select or deselect that mod. Some mods, like Double Time, have multiple variations—click on the mod again to cycle through them. The score multiplier value displays the combined effect all selected mods will have on your score. Click `Reset all mods` or press `1` to deselect all currently selected mods. Click `Close` or press `2` or `Esc` to return to the song selection screen.
```

Press `Esc` or click the `Back` button to return to main menu.

> Click on the `Mode` button to open up a list of gameplay modes available on osu!. Click on your desired gameplay mode and osu! will switch to that gameplay mode style - the scoreboard will change accordingly. Alternatively, you can press `Ctrl` and `1` (osu!), `2` (osu!taiko), `3` (osu!catch), or `4` (osu!mania) to change the game mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click on the `Mode` button to open a list of game modes available in osu!. Alternatively, you can press `Ctrl` and `1` (osu!), `2` (osu!taiko), `3` (osu!catch), or `4` (osu!mania) to change the game mode. Switching to another mode will also switch to its [leaderboards](/wiki/Ranking), as one may observe by seeing the displayed rank change.
```

> The background transparent icon and the `Mode` box will change to depict what mode is currently selected.
> 

Reviewer 2: redundant

```suggestion
```

![](img/game-modifiers.jpg "Mod Selection Screen")

Click the `Mods` button or press `F1` to open the **[Mod Selection Screen](/wiki/Game_modifier)**.

In this screen, you can apply modifications ("mods" for short) to gameplay. Some mods lower difficulty and apply a multiplier that lowers the score you achieve. Conversely, some mods increase the difficulty, but apply a multiplier that increases the score you achieve. Finally, some mods modify gameplay in a different way. [Relax](/wiki/Game_modifier/Relax) and [Auto Pilot](/wiki/Game_modifier/Autopilot) fall in that category.

> Place your mouse on a mod's icon to see a short description of its effect. Click on an icon to select or deselect that mod. Some mods, like Double Time, have multiple variations; click on the mod again to cycle through. The score multiplier value displays the combined effect the multipliers of the mod(s) of you have selected will have on your score. Click `Reset all mods` or press `1` to deselect all currently selected mods. Click `Close` or press `2` or `Esc` to return to the song selection screen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Place your mouse on a mod's icon to see a short description of its effect. Click on an icon to select or deselect that mod. Some mods, like DoubleTime, have multiple variations—click on the mod again to cycle through them. The score multiplier value displays the combined effect the multipliers of the mods of you have selected will have on your score. Click `Reset all mods` or press `1` to deselect all currently selected mods. Click `Close` or press `2` or `Esc` to return to the song selection screen.
```

Author: I think this needs to be `The score multiplier value displays the combined effect the multipliers of the mods you have selected will have on your score.`

Reviewer 2: edited to "The score multiplier value displays the combined effect all selected mods will have on your score."

> While you are on the mod selection screen, you cannot access the chat and extended chat consoles. In addition, skins can alter the text and/or icon of the mods, but the effects will still be the same.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Click the `Random` button or press `F2` to have the game **randomly scroll through all of your beatmaps and pick one.** You cannot select a beatmap yourself until it has finished scrolling.

Reviewer 2: true but not important

```suggestion
Click the `Random` button or press `F2` to have the game **randomly scroll through all of your beatmaps and pick one.**
```

This is the results screen shown after you have successfully passed the beatmap. You can access your online results by scrolling down or pressing the obvious button.

> *Note: The results screen may change depending on the used skin.*
> 

Reviewer 2: irrelevant

```suggestion
```

> ### Online Leaderboard

Reviewer 2: doesn't quite make sense

```suggestion
### Extended results screen
```

- \[4\] Local leaderboard: All your results are stored on your computer. To see them, navigate to the [song selection screen](#song-selection-screen) and select `Local Rankings` from the drop-down menu above the scoreboard.
- \[5\] `Beatmap Ranking` section. Available only for maps with online leaderboards ([qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), [ranked](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#ranked), or [loved](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#loved)). You also need to be online to see this section. See below for more details.
- \[6\] `Overall Ranking` section. It's available only for beatmaps with online leaderboards. You also need to be online to see this section. See below for more details.
- \[7\] Information about the beatmap with its play count and pass rate.
- \[8\] Beatmap rating. Use your personal discretion based on whether you enjoyed the beatmap or not. Best left alone if you can't decide.
- \[9\] Click here to return to the song selection screen.

---

The categories in the ranking panel are as follows:

| Category | Beatmap Ranking | Overall Ranking |
| :-: | :-- | :-- |

> | `Overall` | Your position on the map's leaderboard, where you compete against players that used [Mods](/wiki/Game_modifier), even if you didn't use any yourself. | Your global ranking in the world. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `Overall` | Your position on the map's leaderboard. Note that scores with [Mods](/wiki/Game_modifier) also appear on this same leaderboard. | Your [global rank](/wiki/Ranking#performance-points-ranking) against everyone in the world. |
```

> | `Accuracy` | How [precisely](/wiki/Gameplay/Accuracy) did you play the beatmap. Will only be counted when your old score is surpassed. | Your average [accuracy](/wiki/Gameplay/Accuracy#accuracy) over all beatmaps you have played. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `Accuracy` | How [accurately](/wiki/Gameplay/Accuracy) you played the beatmap. This is only counted when your old score is surpassed. | A weighted average of the accuracy of your best scores. |
```

> | `Max Combo` | Your longest combo on the map you played. | The longest combo over all beatmaps you have played. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `Max Combo` | The longest combo on the map you played. | The longest combo over all beatmaps you have played. |
```

| [`Ranked Score`](/wiki/Gameplay/Score/Ranked_score) | Your [best result](/wiki/Gameplay/Score/Ranked_score) on the beatmap. | The number of points earned from all ranked beatmaps that you have ever played, with every map being counted exactly once. |

> | [`Total Score`](/wiki/Gameplay/Score/Total_score) | Not taken into account, since it does not affect your position in online rankings. | Same as ranked score, but it takes into account all beatmaps available on the osu! website, and also underplayed or failed beatmaps. This counts towards your [level](/wiki/Gameplay/Score/Total_score#level). |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [`Total Score`](/wiki/Gameplay/Score/Total_score) | Not taken into account, since it does not affect your position in online rankings. | Same as ranked score, but it takes into account all beatmaps available on the osu! website, including underplayed or failed beatmaps. This counts towards your [level](/wiki/Gameplay/Score/Total_score#level). |
```

> | `Performance` | The amount of [unweighted pp](/wiki/Performance_points#why-didnt-i-gain-the-full-amount-of-pp-from-a-map-i-played?) you would receive for the play. | Displays your total amount of performance points, and also how much pp the submitted play was worth. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [`Performance`](/wiki/Performance_points) | The amount of [unweighted pp](/wiki/Performance_points#why-didnt-i-gain-the-full-amount-of-pp-from-a-map-i-played?) you would receive for the play. | Your total amount of performance points, and how much pp the submitted play was worth. |
```

### Medals

> 

Reviewer 2: replace the paragraph on line 321 below with `Sometimes, when specific conditions are met, you may receive a medal.`

also the medal image is a spoiler for a hush-hush medal, so it should probably be replaced (can do that later)

```suggestion

*Main page: [Medals](/wiki/Medals)*

```

Author: I have a screenshot of the 5000 plays medal, but it's unfortunately with a custom skin 🤔

### Online Leaderboard

![](img/extended-results-screen.jpg "An example of an online osu! score")

This is your online leaderboard. You can go here by scrolling down from the results screen. Your local scoreboard will show your name and the score as usual.

> - \[1\] Your player bar. It shows your [PP](/wiki/Performance_points), Global Rank, Total Score, Overall [Accuracy](/wiki/Gameplay/Accuracy), and level bar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- \[1\] Your user panel. It shows your [performance points (pp)](/wiki/Performance_points), global rank, total score, overall [accuracy](/wiki/Gameplay/Accuracy), and level bar.
```

- \[2\] `Save replay to Replays folder`: You can watch the replay later either by opening it from a local leaderboard, or by going to `Replays` directory and double clicking it.
- \[3\] `Add as online favourite`: Include the beatmap into your list of favourites, which is located on your osu! profile page under the `Beatmaps` section.

> - \[4\] Local leaderboard: All your results are stored on your computer. To see them, navigate to the [Song Selection Screen](#song-selection-screen), then select `Local Rankings` from the drop-down menu on the left.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- \[4\] Local leaderboard: All your results are stored on your computer. To see them, navigate to the [song selection screen](#song-selection-screen) and select `Local Rankings` from the drop-down menu above the scoreboard.
```

- \[5\] `Beatmap Ranking` section. Available only for maps with online leaderboards ([qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), [ranked](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#ranked), or [loved](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#loved)). You also need to be online to see this section.
  1. `Overall`: Your position on the map's leaderboard, where you compete against players that used [Mods](/wiki/Game_modifier), even if you didn't use any yourself.
  2. `Accuracy`: How [precisely](/wiki/Gameplay/Accuracy) did you play the beatmap. Will only be counted when your old score is surpassed.
  3. `Max Combo`: Your longest combo on the map you played.
  4. `Ranked Score`: Your [best result](/wiki/Gameplay/Score/Ranked_score) on the beatmap.
  5. `Total Score`: Not taken into account, since it does not affect your position in online rankings.

>   6. `Performance`: The amount of [unweighted PP](/wiki/Performance_points#why-didnt-i-gain-the-full-amount-of-pp-from-a-map-i-played?) you would receive for the play.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  6. `Performance`: The amount of [unweighted pp](/wiki/Performance_points#why-didnt-i-gain-the-full-amount-of-pp-from-a-map-i-played?) you would receive for the play.
```

- \[6\] `Overall Ranking` section. It's available only for beatmaps with online leaderboards. You also need to be online to see this section.
  1. `Overall`: Your global ranking in the world.
  2. `Accuracy`: Your average [accuracy](/wiki/Gameplay/Accuracy#accuracy) over all beatmaps you have played.
  3. `Max Combo`: The longest combo over all beatmaps you have played.
  4. [`Ranked Score`](/wiki/Gameplay/Score/Ranked_score): The number of points earned from all ranked beatmaps that you have ever played, with every map being counted exactly once.

>   5. [`Total Score`](/wiki/Gameplay/Score/Total_score): Same as ranked score, but it takes into account all beatmaps available on the osu! website, and also underplayed or failed beatmaps. This counts towards your level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  5. [`Total Score`](/wiki/Gameplay/Score/Total_score): Same as ranked score, but it takes into account all beatmaps available on the osu! website, and also underplayed or failed beatmaps. This counts towards your [level](/wiki/Gameplay/Score/Total_score#level).
```

>   6. `Performance`: Displays your total amount of performance points, and also how many pp the submitted play was worth.

Reviewer 2: acronyms are uncountable nouns

```suggestion
  6. `Performance`: Displays your total amount of performance points, and also how much pp the submitted play was worth.
```

- \[7\] Information about the beatmap with its play count and pass rate.

> - \[8\] Beatmap rating. Use your personal discretion based on whether you enjoy the beatmap or not. Best left alone if you can't decide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- \[8\] Beatmap rating. Use your personal discretion based on whether you enjoyed the beatmap or not. Best left alone if you can't decide.
```
